What you mean is what is on the side of the word,
You must be uneasy about my father, so finally,
Let me do and be more emperor,
And the prince, Chengqian you,
Don’t ever want to be without the contact of a woman,
Even if a woman touches his cell phone,
He will take off the whole set of clothes,
I'm the only one who can't be touched,
But now, it’s a bell fish!
What did you say?
You said you don’t have the heart for your car,
Not consistent, this is in everyone’s mind,
The woman you keep me from losing,
This is my whole life,
But if you take the lead, I will no longer be the only one in his heart!
I'm sorry you only have you in my heart
Especially if you die a lot, don’t lose the experience.
If you don't stop
Just don't be rude.
This has never happened to you in your career
Neither you nor I can escape
not hated